auto show season is in full swing and
next up it's the new york auto show the
TLX from acura is one of the big debut
schedule for new york now it was a
concept car at January's detroit auto
show but this is the final production
version that goes on sale later this
year a 4 cylinder with a dual clutch
transmission is the base powertrain a
six-cylinder and all-wheel drive our
options we're eagerly awaiting to see
what Chevrolet has planned for the
Corvette Stingray at the new york auto
show one thing we do know for sure there
will be an eight-speed automatic added
to the base stingray what we're hoping
for is a hardtop version that'll be the
entry-level car Ford is using the new
york auto show to show off the 2015
version of the Ford Focus compact sedan
and hatchback get a new nose and a new
interior look also new this year is a
new turbocharged three-cylinder engine
with 123 horsepower the smallest engine
ever offered in the focus if you thought
there weren't enough BMW support
activity vehicles well here's another
it's the new coupe like SUV on a new x6
put the new x4 it's based on the x3
platform and has a little lower stance a
little lower roofline but largely shares
the same turbocharged power trains four
cylinders and six cylinders
last up in just in time for spring it's
the 2015 BMW m4 convertible that has the
same powertrain as the m4 coupe it's a
twin-turbo 3 liter inline 6 with 425
horsepower but the electric retractable
hardtop is pretty handy it raises or
lowers itself in about 20 seconds